Update manifiesto (#2)
Cloud-Native-Asturias/Sustainable-STEAM-driven-Development-of-Regions-Manifesto: README.md

Through this work we have come to value:

<p style="text-align: center;">
Alliances and collaborations over knowledge silos<br>
Attracting sustainable STEM talent over wasting it outside the region<br>
Embrace innovation over conservative strategies<br>
Promote sustainable STEM development over speculative bubbles<br>
People and relationships over goals and objectives<br>
Think beyond the limits established over initiatives and conformist thoughts<br>
- Alliances and collaborations over knowledge silos<br>
- Attracting sustainable STEM talent over wasting it outside the region<br>
- Embrace innovation over conservative strategies<br>
- Promote sustainable STEM development over speculative bubbles<br>
- People and relationships over goals and objectives<br>
- Think beyond the limits established over initiatives and conformist thoughts<br>
</p>

That is, while there is value in the items on the right, we value the items on the left more.

We, as implementers, follow these principles:

1. The highest priority is to make the represented region visible on the international STEM landscapes.

> 1. All initiatives are driven by transparency, honesty, and respect people.

Reviewer: - [ ] I like this one, I see it really important in the current era, with so much noise, and people fighting each other. I would propose keeping it.

1. Promote the sustainable development, within the region we represent, through STEM.
1. Define a clear range of alignment options which must be followed by the participants.
1. The promoted initiatives are meant to have the highest impact possible.

> 1. Exchange among people and cultures must be encouraged.

Reviewer: - [ ] I like this one as well. I see important the point about exchanging with other parts of the world

1. Work with a committed set of people.
1. Celebrate the wins, even the small ones, and hold on the bad moments.
1. Hope for the best, be ready for the worst, and enjoy the change.

> 1. Continuous improvement should be advocated at any time based on feedback.

Reviewer: - [ ] This one as well I like. Why? I think one of the mistakes that many organizations have is the lack of retrospectives and feedback, to be sure their strategy is continuously adapted (an organization is a living being!)

> 2. Promote socio-emotional skills and 4 c's of learning 21st century essential for the development of a region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Promote socio-emotional skills and Critical Thinking, Communication, Collaboration, and Creativity of learning 21st century essential for the development of a region.
```
